do it for half a day and invite all your
top customers and all your top prospects
it's magical first of all your top
customers will deeply enjoy meeting with
you in person that always works this is
the cheat code to meeting as many of
your customers in person as possible not
having to travel there have a little
event and bring them have them come two
if you haven't done this before I'm sure
many of you have but you haven't my
goodness you when you put the customers
and Prospects your potential customers
prospects in the room they can't help
your customers will just sell your
prospects for you hello hello everybody
Welcome to saster Workshop Wednesday so
I yeah what I thought I would do today
and and I'll go through this calmly but
as expediently as
possible is what seems like some pretty
basic stuff but this is where I find
especially in the beginning of the year
this is what separates the folks that
are going to have a great year uh versus
those that are going to have a mid year
and it's if you're adding a layer if
you're adding a layer if you're really
not only doing everything you had to do
last year which was hard enough not only
do you have to hit the plan and make the
hires and make your 100,000 10,000
customers happy not only do you have to
drive up nrr and drive down churn and
solve those 802 feature gaps and build
that integration but you got to add a
layer if you really want to do it and
the best teams the most agile
teams the ones that are killing it are
doing this and so all this stuff's going
to be pretty basic I'm going to go
through I think nine layers that you can
add to your business that always work
always work nine things and but people
talk about this they read about it they
LinkedIn post about it but they don't
get it done and so it's going to be
basic and my hope is that we go through
these nine and that you just pick one
you pick one of these nine I sure hope
it's nine because I'm saying nine let me
flip through hold on it's nine I sure
hope you pick one of these nine to do
now pick it in January get it going so
that you can add a layer you can add
more if you're growing if you're going
to go from 10 to 14 this year add a
layer to get add one or two more 10 to
16 versus 10 to 14 is not only a big
deal this year but think about next year
when that layer goes from two to six
okay it's your future of growth so again
some basic stuff but I'm gonna go
through it and so just when you hear it
and think about it maybe you'll pick one
of these and say yeah you know I know
we've been talking about that but it's
it's time to do it it's time to get off
the K and do it and there's a little
tweet I did to tee this up related to it
the other day so a lot of Founders I
have this conversation today I'm like
why don't you why don't you do this why
don't you have why don't you do outbound
why don't you do events why don't you do
webinars why don't you go meet your
customers in person why don't you have a
business development team why don't you
have an Enterprise addition and a lot of
times sometimes there I say this to
folks that are struggling but more often
than not I say this to folks that are
doing pretty well and they're like well
we're doing great you know we went from
four to to eight last year that's pretty
good but what if it was 10 draw that
curve out that compounding because this
stuff all always works and so I'm going
to go through it and again some of this
will seem basic but I want to dig a
little bit between the Surface and the
number one is like a classic theme for
SAS for years but literally today I know
I know we're overwhelmed with emails I
know almost none of us believe most
outbound SDR AIS work I know we get the
dumbest outbound emails literally I put
one up on Twitter the other day that I
got from Salesforce the worst outbound
email I ever got asking me if I wanted
to use slack in all caps um well hello
we've been a paying customer for half a
decade this was the worst email from a
300 million the largest SAS couldn't
even get their outb right literally the
worst thing ever wor it linked to a
video called a slack number one video it
was copyright 2004 and it asked me if I
wanted to learn about slack I mean
literally Even in our little team we
must have said 500,000 slacks over the
years and we pay every month like it's
pretty bad so of course that doesn't
work of course crummy outbound doesn't
work but I talked to so many Founders
that say it doesn't work it doesn't work
but usually they're doing a bad job of
it
literally you know if your product is
truly valuable if it's a game changer
and you email the world's best email to
the buyer assuming that this is a market
that uses email they're going to look at
that email if it solves my problem
what's your think about it what's your
number one problem that you solve for
your customers write the world's best
email telling them how you're going to
solve that problem
and it's funny I'll give you an example
I think yeah the other day we had I'm an
investor in a company called mango mint
which is SAS for spa and salons and we
had the vpa sales on and she's great uh
go watch this one it was one of the
great one it was 10 things that are a
little bit different in vertical SASS
and one of the interesting things is
when she started she was the first sales
professional in the mango now they're
coming up on 20 million she was the
she'd actually owned her own Spa so she
knew the vertical and she came and she
said I'll do sales I'll work for you for
free for 6 months what a dream employee
right and then she did it and you know
the first year no one had heard of the
company so it was all outbound she was
walking into spas and salons and said
let me this software is so good I joined
the company right I love this this this
thing so much I love I'm leaving my spa
to be the unpaid head of sales and
literally you know walked in up and
down the the streets selling the
software today the Brand's big enough
that a 20 million the model is 100%
inbound 100% inbound they can grow 100%
%
great and then I was talking with the
CEO was great last year and I'm like
that's great you have a very efficient
engine you're not burning the lot it's
all inbound but based on all the other
vertical SAS companies work with I find
it hard to believe that outbound won't
work and it doesn't have to be perfect
like if you're already growing 100% from
inbound don't you want to grow 110 120%
uh it doesn't have to be perfect and
also if your core engine is working the
other the other thing the COO was
concerned about Daniel who I love was
that it was going to be more expensive
right because they are they're fairly
efficient I'm like it's okay if a 100%
of your if you're
inbound uh you go profitable on the
customer in five months and you're
outbound it takes 12 months it's blended
it doesn't matter as long as you break
even on a new layer as long as you break
even on a new initiative it's worth it
as long as your core is efficient not
every marketing campaign has to have
perfect Roi not every sales motion has
to be profitable instantly it just has
to average out to something that's
decent so anyhow we did it we added an
outbound team at mango Min and within 60
days it it immediately
worked marshelle you can watch her video
she only targeted the high value
Prospect she only targeted the right
ones they weren't it wasn't random
wasn't that awful email I just described
about whether I'd like to try slack
which I've been using for a decade no it
was very targeted very specific a subset
of list it was not to make or break the
company it was to add a layer it worked
magically I have never seen this work I
have never seen creating a list of 10
100 500 top prospects slowing it down
and writing the perfect email about how
you're going to solve the problem okay
I'll just give you a silly example like
I mean I we get so much I mean yesterday
there's a vendor we've been using to
manage ticket sales for our events for a
decade it completely broke yesterday
completely broke okay imagine we got
this email that said listen we see the
problem we notice you can't do ticket
sales we know you have to sell four to
five million of tickets this year to
keep the lights on we can solve this
problem ail we can solve it today here's
how we solve it here's a demo we're 10
times better and five times simpler than
your existing investor and we'll do all
the migration for you tonight you don't
have to do anything you'll turn it on
tomorrow and all your problems will be
solved Amilia would you take that
meeting Amilia heartbeat now the email
said in all caps new ticket software
company do you have this one hour next
week to meet like I got from the slack
SCB there's just no chance right that's
just an extreme example that was our
problem of the week we a lot of them hit
that one and you know I remember I'll
give you just another example I didn't
know anything about outbound when I
started we had one SDR back in day Sam
blonde who you all know then went on to
be Sero brex and more he was our he was
our SDR I was learning I was going to
doing big deal outbounds not small stuff
but then I did an event with a a big
public SAS company called success
factors it's part of sap a five billion
dollar company and I I'm embarrassed to
say I never met our our user or buyer
I'm like how did success factors this
big $5 billion company start using us
when we were at a couple million in
Revenue when I was on a panel with him
he's like well it was the end of the
quarter I couldn't get the damn contract
signed I got an email from someone on
your team and I signed up that day it
was the right time to solve his problem
so just do this start slow um pick fewer
names prove it out Pick 10 names as
Founders rewrite the emails yourself you
know this works you know this works it's
just crummy eound crummy outbound
doesn't work today we're just flooded
and it works even worse not only did we
all get overwhelmed with cadences but we
but AI is making it worse we're getting
10 times more cadences everywhere so the
crummy outbound is going to work worse
and worse but the best outbound Works
add it add it work for mango work for me
it's going to work for you okay this one
is my passion topic you got to add a
second core product if you're at listen
if you're watching if you're hear in the
room or or you're listening or watching
and you're at a half million or Revenue
don't add a second core product a little
early at half million but I think what
I've learned across all the companies
I've invested in all the founders I work
with this is so hard but everyone
regrets not going multiproduct earlier
everyone regrets not going multiproduct
earlier I was in Europe when we were at
SAS Europe in London I was backstage
with the founder I knew wasn't speaking
but happened to be there there he was at
100 million and kind of despondent
because growth had slowed to the teens
at 100 million growth had slow to the
teens and I'm like what's what's wrong
it's like I just I just wish I'd just
done this earlier it's almost too late
it's too late when growth had slowed to
the teens at 100 million to start now to
start now
right and you know you're at 100 you're
even if you're at 30 million you launch
a second product in the first year it
does 300K it's almost too late to get
the momentum in the company right so
this is my new challenge is that before
you get to 10 million in Revenue whether
wherever that is at least
launch a second product unless it
doesn't make sense look canva didn't
need to do it stripe didn't need to do
it there are exceptions if your Tam is
so massive that you are just being
pulled so quickly into the market of
course don't get distracted because
fewer things are more distracting than
building a second core product how you
going to sell it how you going to Market
it how you going to tell customers about
it how you going to distribute it is so
hard but I just find this is the number
one regret that Founders waited too late
and they see just growth St stall later
and it's like too late it's almost too
late they can't change the te team DNA
it's too complicated they need too many
people just to ship the product they
have so do it Whatever It Is root Force
through the pain and do it earlier and
the one other thing I'll say is you're
thinking about a second core
product is that make sure it really is a
second core product I see too many
Founders pretend a feature is a core
product okay we've added single sign on
we've added this integration with
HubSpot we've added whatever those are
great and if you can monetize it great
if you can charge another $5 a month $10
a month $10,000 a year it's great but
it's a feature be honest a core product
a second core product has to unlock much
much much more budget for a discret
reason than the first you know what a
second product is don't pretend I see
too many pretend second products and
they will they can give you more money
but they're really just features at the
end of the day you're not unlocking more
Tam if it's just more features on top of
the same product and then the last point
on this and this is the craziest one as
you're thinking through
this should you should your second
product be to the same buyer or a
totally different one this is a complex
question I've asked so many folks from
this I asked I asked Brian and dmesh
from HubSpot I asked the COO of Sam Sara
when we did our our Deep dive with him
just
recently should it be the same buyer or
different This is complicated if your
second products to the exact same buyer
it's pretty easy because you can get
them if as long as they actually like
you and you actually still do customer
success you could just get them on the
phone you know hey hey hey Amelia I know
you buy our event production software
you want to take a look at our
registration software if she likes the
vendor she will take the meeting nine
times out of 10 but Amelia's budget's
still fixed Amelia's budget is still
fixed if you go crazy and sell instead
to me instead of Amelia I have my own
budget and you know when Brian and dares
talked about the it was crazy that they
launched CRM at HubSpot back in the day
because their core buyer was a marketer
right the iest thing would be to sell
more marketing products to a marketer
which they did they added marketing
automation other things but you know
back in 2013 they made a big beted on
CRM which is now as bigger bigger than
marketing growing faster but it was
crazy because they had to get C to buy
HubSpot who who had no interest hubot
was a marketer tool in back when they
started serum no one was interested so
if you watch the interviews I done with
them they're like yeah it is crazy it is
harder it took us years to get CRM off
the ground literally it was a completely
free product for years I don't know the
answer here I just know if you can
magically get to a different buyer
you're going to unlock more budget this
is this is something to think about so
even though everyone's going to say go
to the same buyer you're Bor your VCS
especially realize if you could
magically get your second product to a
different buyer just mathematically
you're going to unlock a lot more budget
and look at HubSpot they now sell more
CRM than marketing it would be a company
a fraction of its 40 billion size it was
just marketing selling to markers okay
so that's pretty darn strategic second
product if I really was your was your
coach
I might whisper this in your ear to an
annoying level every week how we
thinking about second product how we
thinking about second product because I
know it's hard and this one's easy this
one's easy but people still don't do it
okay this is the easiest if you have
someone in marketing and they're not
lazy and I know I don't want to get in
trouble but so many folks just don't
want to do things that require leaving
the house today but do a customer
conference this works so well and this
is the key magic invite your prospects
invite everyone in your funnel and
you're like oh my God I don't want to do
a dream force or an inbound or saster
annual or any of this stuff of of course
you don't don't do that you want to know
how much it cost it to do saster annual
It costs $5 million unburdened it costs
close to $8 million fully burdened okay
that's a lot for most anyone wants to
spend $8 million on their customer
conference you raise your hand in the
zoom of course you don't but honestly
you don't have to do any of that if as
long as you have any size rent a
ballroom for an afternoon for an
afternoon for an afternoon
and it's going to cost you almost
nothing at a nice hotel near wherever
you live near your office if you have
one a ballroom okay do it for half a day
use the AV they have use whatever awful
coffee and food and beverage they have
at the event and do it for half a day
and invite all your top customers and
all your top prospects it's magical
first of all your top customers will
deeply enjoy meeting with you in person
that always works this is the cheat code
to meeting as many of your customers in
person as possible not having to travel
there have a little event and bring them
have them come two if you haven't done
this before I'm sure many of you have
but you haven't my goodness you when you
put the customers in prospects your
potential customers prospects in the
room they can't help your customers will
just sell your prospects for you even if
they're critical like the only like
you're the customers that are going to
leave you aren't going to show up to
your customer
event even if they're a little grouchy
it's only your most engaged customers
that are going to drive Uber or fly your
customer band and when they see someone
from a prospect and they introduce
themselves oh wow you're you're a canva
have you are you are you how long have
you been a customer oh we're not a
customer yet we're just thinking about
using your app they're going to
immediately sell you look it's not
perfect it took us 90 days to get going
but it's magical today that's why I'm
here they're gonna sell them for you
this is this is your the magical
extension of your sales SC so do it this
year this is my advice it's the start of
the Year pick a date pick a ballroom and
honestly if it seems overwhelming do a
half day event with like three pieces of
content some coffee uh and and some kind
of meal okay you could probably do this
for 20 or 30 grand if you have to do it
Scrappy you could probably do it for
five grand but it might have to be at
like the neighborhood bar that's okay
it's not quite as it's not maybe it
doesn't it's not quite as slick you
could but you could do this for 20 or
30,000 and if you walk out of this meet
with this customer conference with a
couple couple 5K or I mean five fig six
figure deals it's magical it's magical
okay so do it this year you can do it
just do it for this one is is maybe more
obvious these days than it used to
be but I want to talk about it anyway
the what everyone's doing now is Raising
prices I mean it's awful right literally
we have a vendor that we used to pay
$300 a month for then we paid $1,000 a
month for and then on January they
increased the price from $1,000 a month
to 1,200 didn't even tell us we didn't
even get an email we didn't even get an
email they were raising pric they just
increased 20 this is what everyone's
doing raising prices and raising pric is
Raising prices hooray more power to you
but that's not at that's not earning it
raising prices is not earning it you
know what's earning it adding a new
addition with more value adding
Enterprise Edition it will force you to
go up Market it will force you to build
features but here's the thing if you're
not seeing this and I'm sure many of you
are seeing
this all the growth in Cloud budget and
B2B budget is for AI some of it sure for
for for AI native platforms some of it's
for other things but all this AI budget
is basically in the Enterprise okay
that's where you see the growth it's all
Enterprise and if you talk to folks that
are selling that have an AI offering and
they're selling in know in a B2B
platform and they're selling to small
customers medium customers and large
customers you're going to hear the same
thing from all of them our AI products
great but only our top 20 30% customers
lest ones can really use it they really
have the team to train the model to
deploy the agents to tune the system
okay the smallest customers can use cool
things can use automated website
Builders automated marketing automation
but this the budget the real budgets in
the Enterprise so you it always works to
add a more Enterprise Edition but today
it is a way to capture this AI budget
because that's where the money is that's
where the money is and literally I was
having this
conversation just last week with a
startup I invested in that just crossed
30 million revenue and they were almost
fighting with each other the the C
wanted to much more up Market because he
lost a couple six figure
deals the CTO wanted to fix the the how
wanted to get the AI working better for
the smbs the head of product felt like
he was being pulled in 11 different
directions I can't do all these things
it's complicated because the more I mean
most of you know this but the more
Enterprise you go the more crap you have
to build and they were arguing over
security and identity and analytics and
dashboards and all the stuff you have to
do in the Enterprise you don't have to
do with SBS and those are tough
conversations but almost always pays off
so add a more at least think about
taking this seriously adding to more
Enterprise Edition this year for no
other reason then that's where the money
is in AI okay point five this is a niche
one but this is a mistake I made and I
really see like 80 to 90% of Founders
make which
is they don't staff Partnerships right
they don't staff channels
right and I say add a real BP or maybe
it's head or director of is development
or whatever but way too many
Founders hack some sort of partnership
right they get to know they they get on
the shopified platform they get on
HubSpot they get on Salesforce they get
something going with stripe or open AI
or whoever it is and it's great and
there's some Synergy and so some lead
sharing or there's something great or
product access and then the co thinks
because she or he has gotten to
know Bob or Brian at stripe that that
relationship exists but it doesn't
because there's 10 or 20 or 30 or 40
people at stripe working on this product
line and the CEO spends an hour a
quarter on it checking in with their
contact and the relationship is very
narrow and very thin you know what
happens your competitor they're checking
in with the 40 people at stripe that
work on this product the 50 people at
HubSpot that work on it and they box you
out they box you out even though the
you're stakeholder even at the top the
CEO the SVP likes you knows you the 40
people that work for her don't don't so
I see this way too often we hack it as
soon as you have one or two big Partners
one or two big channels one or two big
whatevers you need a full-time person
managing that and ultimately as it
scales a full-time team you cannot do
Partnerships and business development on
the side you can get it off the ground
on the side that is a superpower of
Founders you get it off the ground but
you can't manage it over time and the
ones that do are going to box you out
okay some of these the the product
stuff's pretty strategic this this is
one of the ones that's pretty darn
tactical just be honest at the start of
the year are you visiting enough
customers in
person 90% of you aren't I know you're
busy I know you've got other obligations
I know it's tiring I know it's this
you're not ask yourself as not as a head
of sales as a CO are you meeting three
to four customers a month in person this
should be your budget be honest to
start it could be getting on the road it
could be flying there it could be
ubering there it could be over Stak
dinners it might you know you can get
let your customer conference count as
one that month you can meet 40 at your
customer conference you know we we're
some folks are making fun of Davos which
is this big Tech gathering in in
Switzerland because it's the same time
as the inauguration a lot of the a lot
of the meetings aren't full but Mark
benof has been going for 15 years and
you know I didn't understand why for a
while he's like I sit at the top of this
one he said Markman said I sit at this
top of this this one staircase and I
just meet a 100 customers in person it's
the most efficient thing he can do to
meet his like multi-million dollar
customers he flies he he he fuels up the
jet in Hawaii and he flies to meet them
too but that's oneof but he can go to
Switzerland and meet a hundred of them
okay in person he's still meeting them
in person it's critical to him that's
why he's in Switzerland okay so first of
all be honest are you meeting enough a
month I know you're not force yourself
to and then second they don't want to
beet with me Jason they don't want to
meet with me I mean we get so many
vendors that reach out to us even on our
little team and drives a million n we
don't want to meet with them like all
they want to do is sell us crap and they
certainly never want to hear about the
complaints we have about how the product
went down yesterday they just want to
sell us crap okay so you're right if if
you're meeting is just I want to sell
you crap you may or may not get the
meeting but and I know many of you know
this but many of you have never done
this you know what always works a road
map presentation it always works tell
your top customers and this works for
prospects too hey I'm coming to Dallas
I'd love to just show you what we're
building over this year I'd love to show
you and get your feedback I want to show
you what we're building and get your
feedback why does this always work
because your product is most likely
pretty darn important to your customers
and in fact for many of you your product
is actually more important to your
customers than you realize like you you
think this is just one deal your sales
team closes one deal they move on to the
next one you don't realize the amount of
business process change that happens at
your customer we don't realize how
important it like you know if you have a
more important product as you scale as
you get bigger there will be whole teams
that only work on your
products we forget how important it is
and I remember back in the day I went to
visit Dell which was like a $100,000
customer for us but I'm like we're not
that important to Dell I mean I I mean I
don't know and I went I'm like we're
doing a road we showed up to Round Rock
in Texas for a road R riew there were 40
people in the room 40 people they got
everyone together to meet the team the
this Echo signed Adobe sign team and
then I just started doing them forever
they always worked whether it's two or
40 whatever but that people don't always
want to take the time out of their
day to to meet especially if they're a
hybrid especially if they're not in the
office all the time to be sold but if
they care they want to see the road map
they want to be stakehold they are
stakeholders in your future they want to
be heard and it's great as Founders
because unlike a lot of folks in your
sales team you can actually answer the
question you know when's the HubSpot
integration coming I don't you know some
poor guy in sales doesn't know you as a
Founder you know thank you it's coming
in
December thank you I know we want it
it's high on the list I can't make any
promises but I'm added to the notes you
send some notes after the meeting you
send a summary of what everybody wants
at the meeting you don't overpromise
magical magical it's the best excuse to
go visit your customers in
person okay just a couple more and then
we'll open it up to questions on this or
anything like this here's one boy
I know for folks of you that follow sasb
you'll know this is my passion topic is
sort of the dismantling of customer
success that so many folks are either
getting rid of their CS departments or
Worse rolling it into sales I know it's
a controversial topic but I find anytime
customer success is part of sales
customer success is just weaponized to
do upsell it's literally just weapon I
Su up so I just wrote a post recently on
saster we have a thousand we we're we're
customer we're paying $1,000 a month it
actually turns out to be $13 a month for
a product we've turned they don't even
know it yet because they've never met
with us okay this is happening all the
time so listen I there there's a debate
here about what customer success should
do and who it should report to I'm
making a more simple suggestion rather
than cut customer success for your
smallest customers add it at it we just
Lo we just left a thousand we're a ,000
a month customer for this cup company
doing 500 million a year okay but that's
still 12 $15,000 a year that no one ever
followed up with us okay I'm pretty sure
they cut their customer success team to
the absolute bare minimum the last two
years to get super profitable because
they're at 500 million Revenue but
listen if they lost us at 15 and they
lost another 20 that's 300,000 you can't
afford to have someone talk to those
customers and we've been a customer of
this one vendor for eight years eight
years so do the math right
yes you still probably have to have one
and a half million even two million of
Revenue per CSM but man don't send the
small customers all to your Wiki and and
and your mediocre AI only tool it
doesn't work even the best AI tools and
I've invested in several the honest
truth is if you really talk to the best
AI vendors at scale even the best AI
support tools and this isn't customer
ass it's just support the best ones if
they're honest can resolve 30 maybe 40%
of issues right maybe if there's no
human you're gonna you're going to have
a very suboptimal experience so this is
my challenge I haven't seen anybody say
add it for your smallest customers but
do the math what if the churn went down
5% for your smallest customers it almost
always pays for
itself okay last
two this is a nuanced
one this could be a whole session but as
you're planning out your marketing spend
your Market marketing strategies your
marketing goals for the year ask
yourself how much customer marketing are
you doing what percent of your money
that you're spending your marketing and
what percent of your time are going to
marketing to your existing
base now if you talk to some of the best
CMOS at scale right and I've asked them
many times of the year they'll typically
tell you 15% 10% usually not more than
20% because of the pressures to deliver
for sales but they're spending double
digits of their budget on ret attention
on supporting upsell on supporting cross
sell on supporting NPS and
nrr on doing Special are is all your
content or all your webinars just for
prospects how often do you do a webinar
where the only goal is to add more value
for your
customers okay and a lot of this would
you know that this is where one reason
you know Customer Events and all this
that we talked about earlier come in it
sometimes comes out of this budget for
customer marketing right when your event
is as much about making your exting
customer happy is bringing them and your
prospects together but what I find is
that for most folks when I ask them this
question it's 0% 0% of their marketing
budget is going to their existing base
you know that can't be right you got to
arm your advocate so think about how you
can take 10% of the at least 10% of the
hard and soft cost you're put into
marketing this year to arm your
Advocates okay very last
one this is more just a
challenge because I write this up almost
all time in our five interesting
learning series just it's really simple
but I find so many Founders are slow
here slow here go Global if you can go
Global if you can 50% of many Cloud
leaders revenue is outside of the US
more than 50% of Hub spots revenue is
outside of the US almost 50% of as's
Revenue about 50% of Monday's revenue is
outside the US
and I'm just shocked this this this can
mean a lot of things at the very
earliest localize your application
localize your application if you talk to
your CTO or talk to your developer
anyone that's been through this you're
going to hear that like no one really
wants to like fully localize the app if
it if you didn't start off that way
because it's a lot of work but the
longer you wait the harder it is okay so
it's always worth it right and look
folks sometimes folks can afford to wait
here I read that you know clavia we love
Andrew he was at SAS Danel this year
watch his session cavio is a vertical
marketing for e-commerce they're in over
a billion of Revenue they they I think
they only just recently got their
application fully localized more power
to them
but I find you just win deals you just
win deals and look there are if you're
in a heavily regulated
industry if you're in parts of fintech
insurance Healthcare and you can't cross
borders for now you can't right you know
I would we we talked with at sasel this
year we talked with Rene ler CEO Bill
they're at a billion something AR
they're doing complex billing and
financials and and payment processing
they're just getting going you know they
just getting going on their
International Journey but I find here's
my point I find most classic B2B apps
apis B2B apps and others that can flow
across borders really start to pretty
early in this single digigit Millions
single digigit millions and here's a
little picture of me I invest I was the
first investor in a company called
Revenue C at that now about 40% of all
mobile apps that have subscriptions use
their API to manage subscriptions look
this is Japan you know here here's me in
the vpm marketing in the upper right
having fun but they're all over this
right they're all over this and it just
works and when you go Global and the
competition doesn't you can just start
winning deals and this doesn't always
mean opening an office and having a
hundred sales folks in all these places
a revenue C is you know one person in
Japan you know coming up on 50 million
of Revenue they have one person but
localizing it going all in supporting
that audience is huge so you know
localize early if nothing else that
works showing up helps right and maybe
just two other tips and then and then we
will
break you know we we did at SAS to
Europa two years ago we had the SE of
brace there which is great brace is I
think coming up on a billion in ARR and
I we talked about going going going
global because he was in London meeting
with there I think he had hundreds of
folks in their UK office even even two
years ago bra and I asked him you know
how it went and he said look when we
were in the beginning of brace we were
selling just to to cool tech companies
and we could do it over Zoom we could do
over the Internet they didn't they
didn't care whether we showed up in
person they didn't want to meet us in
person in their days and BRAC says and
then we started to sell to folks like
lbmh and folks in fashion and Industry
and traditional Commerce and when we
didn't show up in person we we lost 100%
of those
deals so another way to think about it
is localize early show up in person and
then just realize if you're having
success in certain segments selling over
Zoom but you're not showing up in person
what if you did show up in person
because a lot of the world outside of
tech wants you to show up in person and
then my last little tip beyond the
Meetup site with Revenue cat
here if you have even a million dollars
in a Geo outside your home Geo or North
America and it's growing quickly just
hire a full-time person there you trust
to get it to 2 million to four to eight
to 16 people wait until 10 20 30 million
in a Geo to hire a leader there no just
like centralized customer success
centralized sales centralize one of the
two in that person and have someone you
trust on the ground never never seen to
be Roi negative okay so these are my
nine ideas we I could probably come up
with with quite a few others but to kind
of add a layer this year and then
remember in May 13th to 15th SAS
triangual 2025 you all have to come it's
required thanks every for the time